He seduced me
Trying to cheat me out of my money
What nonsense are you talking about?
You obviously lied to me
You are a rich second generation
Shut up you vixen
If you weren't a fairy who seduced me
Tempt me to spend money on you
How could I betray Chen Tai?
I'm just a simple person
I was bewitched by this little vixen.
You know
My heart and my body belong to you
You said this little vixen seduced you
I can give you a chance to be loyal to me.
Give Now
I'm going to slap that little vixen's face
Why can't you bear to fight?
Ahahahaha
Mrs. Wang is in need of a woman recently.
Otherwise you go over and fight
I hit
Don't call my name
It's all because of you that I ruined the relationship between me and Chen Dan
Ah, you hit
Ahhh this bastard
I'm fighting with you
You're all over
Smash your face
It's a dog-eat-dog show.